Key,english

recycledAmmoSonjaDesc,A bunch of materials obtained from recycling ammunition inside a convenient package.\nYou are lucky it did not explode on your face.\n\nOPEN it to get the materials.
recycledAmmoSonja9mm,Recycled 9mm Ammo
recycledAmmoSonja9mmHP,Recycled 9mm HP Ammo
recycledAmmoSonja9mmAP,Recycled 9mm AP Ammo
recycledAmmoSonja44,Recycled Magnum .44 Ammo
recycledAmmoSonja44HP,Recycled Magnum .44 HP Ammo
recycledAmmoSonja44AP,Recycled Magnum .44 AP Ammo
recycledAmmoSonja762,Recycled 7.62 Ammo
recycledAmmoSonja762HP,Recycled 7.62 HP Ammo
recycledAmmoSonja762AP,Recycled 7.62 AP Ammo
recycledAmmoSonjaShell,Recycled Shotgun Shells
recycledAmmoSonjaSlug,Recycled Shotgun Slugs
recycledAmmoSonjaBreachingSlug,Recycled Shotgun Breaching Slugs
recycledAmmoSonjaRocketFrag,Recycled Rocket Frags
recycledAmmoSonjaRocketHE,Recycled Rocket HE
recycledAmmoSonjaIZ556,Recycled 5.56 Ammo
recycledAmmoSonjaIZ556HP,Recycled 5.56 HP Ammo
recycledAmmoSonjaIZ556AP,Recycled 5.56 AP Ammo
recycledAmmoSonjaIZ45ACP,Recycled 45 ACP Ammo
recycledAmmoSonjaIZ45ACPHP, Recycled 45 ACP HP Ammo
recycledAmmoSonjaIZ45ACPAP,Recycled 45 ACP AP Ammo
recycledAmmoSonjaRPGTraining, Recycled Training Round Rockets
recycledAmmoSonjaRPGHE,Recycled HE Rockets
recycledAmmoSonjaRPGIncendiary,Recycled Incendiary Rockets
recycledAmmoSonjaGrenadeTraining,Recycled 25mm Traning Rounds
recycledAmmoGrenadeFRAGS,Recycled 25mm Fragmentation
recycledAmmoSonjaGrenadeHE,Recycled 25mm High-Explosive
recycledAmmoSonjaHellFire,Recycled HellFire Ammo
 

